Ra Mi-ran
Lee Do-hyun
Ahn Eun-jin
Yoo In-soo
Sam-sik's Mill
Choi Moo-sung - Jung Woong-in - Hong Bi-ra
Seo Yi-sook - Jang Won-young - Kang Mal-geum
Kim Won-hae - Park Bo-kyung
Happy Farm
The Good Bad Mother
Who are you?
Who are you people?
Kang-ho!
Ma'am, it's been a while.
Your late husband...
was such a courageous man.
And Kang-ho takes after him.
I took care of him like my own.
What an ungrateful kid.
Let me see.
Tell me, Kang-ho.
What were you going to do to me?
- Mom!
- Stop it.
Stop it.
Stop it!
Stop it...
Please...
Please don't do this.
You know he had an accident and hurt his head.
He doesn't remember anything.
He can't harm you!
Who knows?
He could remember everything any day...
and stab me in my back, couldn't he?
I heard he's gathered tons
of evidence against me...
while working for me all these years.
I'm here to find it.
It's not here.
Not anymore.
Look at that.
I burned it all.
You did? Why?
I knew it. So there was something, right?
I did it so he wouldn't go back to his old life.
I didn't want you to get the wrong
idea after finding out who his father was.
I didn't want him to be in any more danger.
I'm telling you the truth.
He doesn't know what went on between us.
And what exactly...
was that?
Let me...
answer that question.
No.
No!
Happy Farm
Pig Farm
Office
The Good Bad Mother
Kang-ho.
Forget it. I'm hanging up.
Episode 10
Gosh, I'm so sick of him.
What's wrong? Was that your son?
Yes.
To-do list for Happy Farm re-opening
100 mother pigs, disinfect piggery...
...after all that his dad went
through to get him that job.
But he already quit after
working there for a few days.
- What's the reason this time?
- It's obvious.
He still wants to become a movie director.
Goodness.
I heard even decent directors struggle
for years without making any money.
Does he think he's Bong Joon-ho or something?
Maybe I'm Bong Joon-ho.
After all, I gave birth to a parasite.
I'm sick of him.
Gosh, it takes boys ages to mature.
They might once they have a family of their own.
My son completely changed after getting married.
- Really?
- Yes.
He has a loving wife and
adorable children to look after.
So of course he has to mature.
Marry him off
You're going to suffer worse symptoms soon.
I don't think taking medicine will suffice.
Why don't you get hospitalized and treated?
I can't do that.
What I mean is...
Later.
There are some things I need to do right now.
Lion, look at this.
"Choi Kang-ho, Supreme Prosecutors' Office."
Isn't it cool?
Lion, do I look like myself in the picture?
Lion, that's it. Come here.
Good job.
Lion, come here.
- Gosh.
- Where are you going?
Goodness.
- Hi, Lion.
- Lion!
Lion has become so much stronger.
You're right.
We should build a separate home for her.
Let's build her a small home,
so she can get used to
living in an enclosed space...
until she's ready to have piglets.
Then in the future, she won't have
any problems living with other pigs.
- Other pigs?
- Yes.
We're getting new pigs next week.
Does that mean you're
going to run the farm again?
No.
You will.
You are now the owner of Happy Farm.
Then...
what about my job as a prosecutor?
I won't be a prosecutor anymore?
Who told you that...
you were a prosecutor?
Mr. Son, the ladies, and
the rest of the villagers.
They told me to get better
and be a prosecutor again.
Kang-ho.
Listen carefully.
You're no longer...
a prosecutor.
No matter what people say,
deny it and tell them you don't know.
You'll live a happy life running the farm.
I beg you.
Please don't remember anything
and let's just live like this, okay?
I know I can be a good farmer.
After all, you taught me everything.
Of course you can. You're my son.
Lion.
Here you are.
Lion, I'm the owner now.
The owner of Happy Farm.
I'm going to build you a
new home. Aren't you happy?
But it feels weird.
Everyone is telling me to
get better so I can return...
to being a prosecutor.
But not my mom.
She told me not to remember
anything because it'll be dangerous.
I wonder what happened.
- Mr. Kang-ho!
- We're here!
Let's go, Lion.
Could you please give me a $50 discount?
You're unbelievable.
You're like the Yeouido
interchange at 6 p.m. on a weekday.
"Yeouido interchange"?
There's no getting through to you.
Gosh.
I bought it for my girlfriend...
to celebrate our thousandth day together.
But she cheated on me.
♫ Were you happy ♫
♫ for the past thousand days? ♫
♫ Mi-joo ♫
All right. Quiet down.
I'll transfer the money right now.
You've made a wise decision.
I'll wrap it up right away.
Hello, sir. Have you been well?
Something strange was transferred
to my bank account just now.
The amount should've been $200,000,
but it's missing two zeros.
Just like how you'll be missing...
both of your kidneys soon.
I sent you the interest first.
I see. So that's what it is.
Then when will I...
be able to receive the principal?
Don't take it the wrong way.
I'm not rushing you.
Why would I? Right, Sam-sik?
Your home is worth $180,000.
Your mill is worth $250,000.
Right.
Your parents also set up...
life insurance for you.
Please, sir!
♫ Sam-sik's head ♫
♫ is hanging from the eastern cottonwood ♫
You'd better send me the rest by
this weekend if you want to avoid that.
Don't sing.
Don't sing, you punk!
Hey.
What did the streetlamp
sing for you to beat it up?
Say hello. They're from the
Rural Development Administration.
The Rural Development Administration?
Hello.
We stumbled across this
while visiting some farms.
Gosh.
You did an excellent job growing the lettuce.
I highly doubt that this lousy kid grew them.
Where are those men?
- Lion!
- Here she is!
Why do you keep coming back...?
What were you thinking digging a hole here?!
Oh, dear.
Ms. Jin will be upset once she finds out.
- Are you sure you saw it?
- Of course.
I may not be the brightest,
but I have great eyesight.
Feel free to bury me in
the lettuce field if I'm wrong.
Where are they going?
They left.
What...? No way.
It was...
It was right here.
Hide!
- I told you to stay in the truck.
- Mom.
- Let me carry them. They're heavy.
- It's okay.
- They're heavy.
- Come on, let's go.
Mom.
Can you hold Lion for a minute?
Don't let her run off.
- Lion.
- No!
Goodness, he's so strong.
All right.
Have I told you...
I'm going to marry you?
- Lion!
- No! Lion!
Hello?
Yes.
Sorry?
Okay.
We have a situation! We
need to get out right now!
- Hurry!
- Why?
What's the matter?
Is it...
- who I think it is?
- Yes.
Mr. Bang.
- What?
- They want to interview us.
What interview?
About our lettuce. We don't
have much time. We must hurry.
Mr. Cha.
Step back.
One, two, three!
That worked!
- We have plenty of alcohol,
- Right.
- ...so have it with some pancakes.
- Goodness.
Gosh, why did you cook?
I mean,
I was actually peckish.
- Right.
- Here.
- Have some.
- Sure.
It looks good.
- Here.
- Thanks.
- Gosh, it looks good.
- Try some.
How is it?
This is insane.
What a surprise. I can't believe
you're complimenting my food.
It's insanely bitter.
What in the world did you put in?
It tastes just fine!
Look at that. I knew it.
You said you were on a diet.
Have you already caved in?
Goodness.
Darn it.
- Goodness!
- Come on.
Here you all are.
- Goodness, come join us.
- Come here.
- Come.
- Sit.
- Sit here.
- Take a seat.
Sit and have some.
- It's still very hot.
- Here.
Are you sure there'll be enough?
- How is it?
- It's good.
So you're telling me that this dish...
is tasty, right?
Yes.
It would've been tastier
if it'd been less bitter.
How is this bitter?
It tastes just fine.
You must be making alcohol.
We need to make it now,
for it to last the rest of the year.
We all need to help out.
Exactly.
If you need all the help you can get,
why do you always leave me out?
Don't take it the wrong way.
It's just that you've been so busy
taking care of the pigs and Kang-ho.
I know how considerate you've
been and I'm grateful for that.
But please start inviting Kang-ho and me too.
We're all neighbors.
It hurts my feelings whenever you leave us out.
- Gosh, we aren't leaving you out.
- That's not true.
All right then.
I want you and Kang-ho to join us.
You'd better make it every time,
until Kang-ho fully recovers...
and becomes a prosecutor again.
- Mr. Son.
- Yes?
Kang-ho won't go back to being a prosecutor.
He never will.
You don't have to be so adamant about it.
- Mr. Son.
- Yes?
Remember the lady you mentioned?
The daughter of the family
that runs the orchard.
Could you set her up with Kang-ho?
What?
I want to marry him off.
- What?
You want to marry him off?
Yes.
If he meets a decent woman and starts a family,
I think he'll be more stable
and happier than he is now.
I'd appreciate your help.
Okay!
All right!
As the village head of Jou-ri,
I'll see to it that Kang-ho gets married!
Let's go!
- Let's go!
- All right!
You're eating so well.
You really aren't going to eat?
Right. I need to be slim if I want
to wear a pretty wedding dress.
What are you drawing?
Let me see.
It's a bride and a groom. Open up.
I'm going to have an outdoor wedding.
The groom is so handsome.
He has a small face and long legs.
- What's he holding?
- A rock.
He must be very strong too.
A man needs to be strong.
He's useless.
I'll open it.
Are you eating well?
Here, you have some too.
Eat up.
I'm done.
- Ta-da.
- Goodness.
That looks nice.
Owner of Happy Farm
"Happy Farm"?
Yes, Mr. Kang-ho is the owner now.
"Owner of Happy Farm."
The new pigs will arrive next week.
Then I'll be the wife of
the owner of Happy Farm.
Goodness.
"Wife"?
Dream on.
Starting tomorrow, he'll
be looking for a match...
- What?
...to set things on fire.
What?
Gosh, it's so greasy. I need kimchi.
What? Why in the world would he do that?
What's she talking about?
Why did I say that in front
of my unmarried daughter?
I'm such a fool.
I'm here.
I'm producing an incredible song...
What?
What's going on?
We're done for.
They ran off with all the investment money...
we scraped together using your name!
Hold on.
What's...?
My money!
- Where is he?
- There he is!
- The company went under!
What's going on?
- You jerk! Give me back my money!
- You jerk!
- My money!
- What is this?
Even his hair was fake!
Mom.
Did it hurt?
Mom, why do I need to do this?
Because we need to go somewhere today.
Where are we going?
Kang-ho.
Look.
This is for your fiancée.
- "Fiancée"?
- Yes.
A friend who'll live here...
and run the farm with you.
You'll care for and love each other.
She'll stick with you forever.
A friend?
Like Mi-joo?
Not her.
Mi-joo has people she loves,
so she can't be with you.
And who are they?
There's Ye-jin, Seo-jin,
and their dad who's in the U.S.
That horrifying jerk?
You've never even met him.
You can't call him like that.
Don't worry.
I'll find you someone better than Mi-joo.
All right.
Okay now.
Let's get you dolled up.
Why isn't this working?
- Hold on.
- Mom.
Mom.
Step aside!
Mousse.
That's incredible.
- You look handsome.
- What do you say?
Goodness! You look so handsome.
What do you say?
Is it my turn now?
What on earth is her deal?
A Yakuza's daughter.
Let's pick out his clothes.
- Let's see.
- Goodness.
Look at her meddling with my work.
All right.
Let's pick some out.
Goodness.
- What about this one?
- Gosh.
Doesn't it look elegant?
He'll look intelligent.
Okay.
Oh, my. This is just to my taste.
Let's see.
- What do you think?
- I love it.
One, zero, two?
Is that a zero?
- It looks good.
- Yes.
Adding cologne would be nice.
- Cologne?
- It's always good to smell good.
Oh, my.
She still has it.
It's half a carat.
Hi, Half A Carat.
I hope you find a nice owner.
I wonder who your owner will be.
We shouldn't try these on, right?
Goodness.
You look so handsome.
You look great.
You look amazing!
- You look so handsome.
- He does.
You look so handsome.
My dear Kang-ho.
Where are you going?
You're finally wearing these again.
Here. Try them on.
They fit me perfectly.
Of course. They're yours.
- Turn around.
- Goodness.
Oh, my!
Gosh, you look so handsome.
Goodness me.
Goodness.
- You look great.
- You look amazing.
They must be here.
Sam-sik's Mill
That's enough.
Put it down.
Hey.
Look who it is.
It's Choi Kang-ho, the most
eligible bachelor of Jou-ri.
You're right.
It seems...
he's on a blind date to find himself a match.
I don't know who the lucky lady will be,
but she sure will be hitting the jackpot.
You're totally right.
Certificate of Award
Choi Kang-ho
He was incredibly smart...
ever since he was young.
Bubbles.
Okay.
- Bubbles.
- Right, bubbles.
I have a few more.
He's handsome, well-built,
and kind.
How many pigs do you have at your farm again?
We have about...
They have...
- They have 500 pigs...
- Go!
- That's Kang-ho!
Go?
Their potato field is over 10,000 pyeong wide.
No, it's 1000 pyeong.
Right, 1000 pyeong. Let
me explain how big that is.
It could contain over 300
30-pyeong apartment units.
No, 30 apartment units.
Right?
And the potato field is...
All right.
This is his home.
- Goodness.
- Take out the pigsty.
The remaining land costs $700 per pyeong.
However, the only thing is...
There's just one tiny catch.
Kang-ho, how old are you?
I'm seven years...
I mean, I'm 35.
Something was off when
you kept talking about pigs.
This isn't right.
I can't believe we sat down with an idiot.
- "Idiot"?
- Let's go.
- Let's go, Mom.
- Wait...
- "Idiot"?
- Wait.
- I'm so offended.
- "Idiot"?
- That darn...!
- How dare she...?
Mom, can't I just live with you?
Goodness.
Do this.
Thank you for today.
Don't worry about it. He'll find his match.
She's right. I'll look for
someone better, so don't worry.
If we can't find one,
then I'll make one for him.
Shall we hurry home and make one then?
What? You should do it while you still can.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
Get home safely.
- Goodbye.
- Bye.
Sam-sik's Mill
Let's buy some paint while we're in town.
Mom, why don't you buy any pesticides?
Pesticides? What for?
You want to show Mi-joo how
well-dressed you are, right?
All right. I'll buy some
paint and go to her salon.
So you can go there first.
I'll pick you...
I'll pick you up!
Gosh, you come here quite often.
Right.
It may not seem like much,
but getting my nails done relieves my stress.
It feels good,
and smells nice too.
- Mi-joo, I'm off to the storage.
- Okay.
What do you do after work?
Why do you ask?
Why don't we go somewhere
nice and have a cup of coffee?
I also have a few questions.
Like what?
For example, I'm curious about...
how you give hand massages.
There are various types of massages.
There's oil massage.
There's also outcall massage.
Let me show you something.
That's it.
Like this.
There's this kind of massage too.
- Like this?
- That's right.
There's also this...
and this.
If you do something like this again,
I'll snap your neck right off.
- You little...!
- No.
Not by me.
But by your wife.
What?
Hey!
What did I do?
You kept glancing at my
chest and groping my hand.
And what? Outcall massage?
Don't you know who I am?
Of course I do.
You're Lee Bong-su, the business alliance rep,
who's been going around
pestering young ladies...
at hair salons and coffee
shops like a hungry dog.
Leave. Come out.
Leave. Go.
Do you want to be humiliated
in front of everyone,
Representative Lee Bong-su?
You little...!
I'm bleeding!
You crazy wench!
Come here!
- How dare you hurt me?
- What's going on?
- You little...!
- What's wrong?
I'll put you behind bars for attempted murder!
- What?
- Come here, you wench!
Who are you?
Goodness!
What...?
Who are you?
I'm...
Well...
He's a prosecutor.
Prosecutor Choi Kang-ho from Seoul
Central District Prosecutors' Office.
- What?
- You're in trouble now.
Babe, put him behind bars this instant.
He groped me, cursed at me,
and sexually harassed me.
Come on, be a prosecutor, Babe.
Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office?
Hey, why would a prosecutor from Seoul...
date someone like you?
- What did you say?
- Mi-joo.
Why don't you answer me?
Are you a prosecutor? Are you?
- Seriously, that...!
- Mi-joo.
Who are you trying to fool?
No, I...
Mi-joo, I'm not a prosecutor...
The lucky color is yellow
for the Year of the Dragon.
Mi-joo!
Over here!
- This way.
- Mi-joo, don't die.
Oh, no! Are you okay, Mi-joo?
- Are you okay?
- That jerk!
They must be hurt.
What...?
"Choi Kang-ho."
"Supreme Prosecutors'
Office." He's a prosecutor.
See! He really is a prosecutor!
What are you going to do?
You'd better leave.
- Kang-ho.
- Go or you'll get in trouble!
- Are you okay? Wake up.
- Go mind your own business.
- I'll call 119.
- Are you okay? Hang in there.
Are you okay?
You're bleeding. Get up.
Are you okay? Oh, no.
Oh, no. Are you okay?
This is all my fault.
What do I do?
- Oh, no.
- No, it's okay.
It's okay, Mi-joo.
I can take the exam next year.
Happy Farm
Kang-ho, earlier in town...
Kang-ho.
Choi Kang-ho.
Yes?
What are you painting?
Wait.
- What happened to your forehead?
- What?
A motorbike?
Are you out of your mind?
Let me see.
Are you hurt anywhere else?
No, I'm okay.
Wait, Mom...
You're not okay. You also hurt your arm.
Kang-ho.
What were you thinking
running toward the motorcycle?
Mi-joo almost got hurt.
So what?
Did she die?
Kang-ho.
Why would you say that?
I don't know.
It suddenly popped into my head.
All right, eat up.
So what?
Did she die?
I must've hurt him...
very deeply.
That's why he still remembers those words.
But he can't regain his memory just yet.
He needs to get married and start a family.
That way,
he won't act recklessly...
to avenge you,
even if all his memories return.
So I beg you.
Please don't let him...
regain his memory until then.
I must've been crazy.
I was insane.
Darn it.
Mi-joo, why do you have a
plastic bag over your head?
Hey.
Hi, Kang-ho.
- Hi.
- I was a bit cold.
- You were cold?
- Yes.
You look like a hermit crab. Or a greenhouse.
Right, because I'm wearing this.
- You should get going.
- Okay.
Bye.
Mi-joo.
Yes?
I can't hold back anymore.
Did you have seaweed again?
There's another one over here.
"Again"?
I smelled seaweed when we kissed back in town.
And you have some on your lips right now.
That's because I had gimbap for lunch.
I see.
You should brush your teeth to stay clean.
Why are you speaking casually to me?
You spoke casually to me since we first met.
That's right. I did.
But you didn't up until yesterday.
So why did you suddenly change?
Do you see me as a pushover now?
No, I like you.
Bye.
Kang-ho.
Yes?
Do you want some beer?
No, I can't drink.
Bye.
As if.
You used to love beer.
Hold on.
What seaweed?
We need to nourish the pigs...
so they're happy and healthy.
Pig Feed Management
Goodness.
You're doing so well.
I picked the perfect owner.
Goodness.
I should cut your nails.
It's okay. I can cut them later.
We can do it right now.
Give me your hand.
Mom.
I noticed that the feed tube was clogged up.
Let me check.
The pigs need to eat.
But...
It won't take long. Bang, bang, bang.
- Ms. Jin.
- Hey.
Right. Hold on.
The owner of Happy Farm...
is no longer me but him, Mr. Choi Kang-ho.
Right?
Yes.
I request a consultation.
About what?
Have you found a partner for Kang-ho yet?
No.
I have a female friend in my major.
Would you like to set them up on a blind date?
That'd be great.
Can you set up a date?
Okay.
- As soon as possible.
- Okay.
You're so cute. Give me a kiss.
Darn it.
It went in my mouth!
Come here, you punk!
Come here.
How could you pee on me?
- Seriously.
- Goodness.
Gosh, seeing you both on all fours,
I can't tell which of you is the real dog.
Come on. That's a bit harsh.
Wait, what's going on?
Where are you going with your lipstick on?
I'm going to town to search for a bride.
A bride? Gosh.
Shouldn't I have a say in who you pick?
But there's no need.
There's a woman who captured my heart ages ago.
Right?
The only woman who's ever captured you...
is a female police officer.
Mom!
It's for Kang-ho.
Don't dare go out and get in
trouble. Just stay home, okay?
Kang-ho?
Yes.
What's the point of having
that expensive jewelry?
The moment girls meet Kang-ho,
they have absolutely no desire to marry him.
You'd better stay home today!
Okay.
A blind date?
She's Andrea's friend from college.
Apparently she wants to marry a
nice man and settle down in Korea.
So he told her about Kang-ho,
and she wanted to meet him.
Then why isn't Kang-ho here?
You said she wanted to meet him.
Well, I'm just worried.
She may say she's down to meet him.
But what if she doesn't like
him when they actually meet?
I don't want Kang-ho to get hurt again.
Don't worry about it.
What could Kang-ho possibly lack?
Let's be frank. He's the
perfect husband material.
If I had another daughter,
I would've immediately married her off to him.
So don't concern yourself with those rude brats.
Let's just focus on this blind date.
- Yes.
- Sure.
Let's focus on this instead.
Hold on.
Look at me.
What's with your face?
Gosh. Hold on.
Do this.
That's it.
Do this. Goodness.
You must've been stressed
lately. You look a bit rough.
You should wear some lipstick.
- Okay.
- Come on.
Don't go around looking so pale and
haggard like your days are numbered.
You're already looking livelier. Gosh.
Choi Kang-ho
Supreme Prosecutors' Office
He's a prosecutor.
Prosecutor Choi Kang-ho from Seoul
Central District Prosecutors' Office.
Babe, put him behind bars this instant.
You're no longer a prosecutor.
You're the owner of Happy Farm.
Kang-ho!
Kang-ho, let's play.
Have you eaten?
Ta-da.
We should celebrate your
new position as the owner...
of Happy Farm.
But I can't drink.
You're wrong. You're actually a good drinker.
So drink up. Come on.
I can't.
Choi Kang-ho, you're an adult.
A man should know how to drink...
and black out every now and then.
Who knows? Maybe your memory will come back.
Here.
Drink up.
Cheers.
Go on.
Drink up.
Kang-ho, you punk.
You're a true man. I approve.
- Sam-sik.
- No.
We're out of alcohol. We're done.
It's not about that.
How can I become a prosecutor?
I want to become one again.
You want to become a prosecutor again?
Yes.
Then I should help you as your friend.
A prosecutor...
should be a jerk.
A jerk.
But don't worry. You were born as one.
I see. That's a relief.
Second.
A prosecutor...
Right. Handcuffs.
You should have a pair of handcuffs.
For all the criminals you catch.
Handcuffs? What if I don't have any?
Don't worry. I'll get a pair for you.
Will you really do that?
Trust me.
I'm Bang Sam-sik.
Right!
If I were to get you a
pair of handcuffs for free,
you'd probably feel indebted, right?
No.
Come on.
Think carefully.
I'm sure you will.
All right.
How about this?
We'll give each other a gift.
I'll get you the handcuffs.
As for me...
What do I want?
Right! A ring!
A ring?
I've been dying to get a ring lately.
- Here.
- You want a ring?
Like this one.
You get it, right?
A ring like this.
Sam-sik.
- Yes?
- I have this.
Do you?
Yes, I do.
I didn't think you'd have
one, but I guess you do.
- I do.
- Gosh.
Then I guess you could give it to me as a gift.
I can't.
It's for my fiancée.
Do you even know what a fiancée is?
- I do.
- What is it?
- A friend.
- "A friend"?
Yes.
- You're right!
- See?
You're so smart.
- I am.
- Gosh.
You're right. A fiancée is a friend.
We're friends, right?
That means I'm your fiancée.
Are you now?
Don't you want the handcuffs?
Get your fiancée's gift.
Don't you want the ring?
I do. I desperately want it.
- Do you?
- Of course I do!
Okay, but promise me
you'll get me the handcuffs.
- I'll get them right now.
- All right.
- Do you want the ring?
- I do!
Shout if you want it!
Once more if you want it!
Once more for the last time!
Stop!
Hey, have you identified the body yet?
Yes, according to the DNA result, it's
a 36-year-old female named Hwang Soo-hyun.
We found a passport in her bag,
and it was fake.
A fake passport?
Cause of death?
Based on the state of her
body and the autopsy result,
I doubt it was a murder.
How would you know?
Sorry?
We found $30,000 in her bag.
In a zipper bag at that.
Do you think she committed suicide
while carrying a fake passport...
and $30,000?
- You're right.
- All right.
Let her family know,
and look into stowaway ships.
- Got it?
- Yes, sir.
Still no word from Mr. Soh?
Right.
This won't do.
I'll have to go there myself.
He's so handsome.
Kang-ho is the best-looking in this town.
But I heard he was unwell.
If you have any videos of him,
I'd like to watch one.
I do. I have a video of him.
Ye-jin wanted to create her own video channel,
so she took all kinds of videos.
Here's Kang-ho.
Hello, everyone.
Today, we're going to meet Mr. Kang-ho,
the person I love the most.
He's drawing right now.
What are you drawing?
- My mom.
- I see.
Why are you drawing her?
Because I like her.
What do you like so much about her?
She's pretty, she has a beautiful
voice, and she's also very smart.
- He loves his mom.
- She's friendly and cooks well.
Goodness.
I don't know. I just can't
stop thinking about her.
All done.
Ta-da.
You look so pretty.
Oh, my.
You look very young...
- in this drawing.
- Let me see.
Goodness.
Kang-ho is so in love with his mom.
Goodness me.
He drew so well.
I like him.
He seems like a nice person.
Can I meet him?
Of course you can.
Are you serious?
- This is great!
- Thank you!
Thank you!
- You have a call!
- This is great!
♫ I'm happy
I'm happy ♫
Hello?
♫ I'm happy ♫
♫ I'm happy
I'm happy ♫
The police station?
What is this?
What's going on?
Why are you here again?
You crazy jerk. You son of a gun.
- You punk.
- You just can't change!
You just can't change,
can you, you son of a gun?
Our village has been crime-
free for the past 20 years,
so Mr. Son was going to be awarded...
by the prime minister at the end of this month.
We had just 20 days to go.
What have you done, Sam-sik?
Gosh, my 20 years.
My 20 years...
Mr. Choi Kang-ho is here.
Congratulations, Jou-ri! Crime-Free for 20 Years
Sam-sik.
This was reported to be stolen.
Is it yours?
- Gosh.
- Wait.
Why is this here?
Goodness, it's hers.
Oh, dear.
My 20 years!
It all went down the drain!
I gave this to him as a gift.
- What?
It was a gift?
You gave this to him?
Yes.
I gave it to him.
Goodness.
Right.
Kang-ho gave it to him as a gift.
Gosh, our dear Kang-ho.
How kind of you.
- Let's put this back up.
- Yes.
- Why?
- It was a gift.
A gift.
Why did you give this to him?
Because...
he's my fiancée.
Right, Sam-sik?
What?
What did he say?
You really got the handcuffs.
Thank you, my fiancée.
What's he talking about?
Mom.
I'm sorry.
Don't you know what's yours,
and what's important?
I told you not to give
away what's yours to others.
Mom.
I want to be a prosecutor.
Kang-ho, no.
You promised me.
You promised to run Happy Farm...
- with your fiancée and...
- No.
I don't want to do that.
I'm going to be a prosecutor again.
You're no longer a prosecutor.
Yes, I am.
Mi-joo said I work in the Seoul
Central District Prosecutors' Office.
Is she the reason you want to be a prosecutor?
Yes.
That's why.
You little...!
Why won't you listen to me?
Why are you giving me a hard time?
Say you were wrong.
Promise me you won't say
something like that again!
I did everything you told me to.
I ate well.
I exercised diligently, and
I even moved my arms and legs.
I took medicine and got acupuncture.
It was really painful and exhausting.
When you tossed me into the water,
I was terrified.
But I still endured it all.
Because it made you happy.
I wanted to make you happy.
So why won't you let me do what I want to do?
Why do you always decide for me?
Is it because...
you also see me as an idiot?
When Nails Come
I'm sorry for dropping in on you like this.
It's okay.
Is something going on?
Kang-ho is getting married soon.
Sorry?
He went on a blind date today,
and the lady seemed to like him.
She's a foreigner.
But she majored in nursing in Vietnam.
She also worked at a hospital
and a school for the disabled.
So I think she'll understand
and take good care of him.
Speaking of which,
could you please help him?
What do you mean?
What can I do?
Kang-ho...
seems to like you a lot.
I told him numerous times that...
you were married to someone else,
but I don't think he understands.
So Mi-joo,
could you please talk some sense into him?
Please, Mi-joo.
The lady will be visiting us tomorrow.
He needs to get married this time.
I'm running out of time.
So please help me.
- Ms. Jin.
- Yes?
Something's going on, right?
No, nothing's going on.
No, something's up.
You bought herbicide last time,
and Kang-ho told me you abandoned him.
And now you're rushing his marriage.
Something's going on, right?
Please tell me.
That's the only way I can help.
Well...
Mi-joo.
The thing is...
I'm quite unwell.
I'm dying soon.
There's something I want to do.
- Hi!
- Hi.
- Hello.
- I'm sorry I'm late.
- Say hi.
- This is my friend, Kim Jun-won.
- Hello.
Hello.
He's not bad, right?
I'm sorry for not telling you this sooner.
- What?
- Actually...
Yes?
I'm pregnant.
What?
What did you say?
You're pregnant?
Does he know?
I didn't tell him.
You idiot. You should've told him.
He said there was something he wanted to do.
And that he could only do it without me.
It was important enough for him
to break up with someone he loved.
If I told him I was pregnant with his babies,
he would've given it up.
I don't want to ruin his life anymore.
Wait. "Babies"?
What?
What do you mean?
Twins.
I got an ultrasound.
I saw two peas.
It was so adorable!
Lee Mi-joo!
Are you saying you're going to have the babies?
Yes.
My twins and I will wait for him.
Kang-ho...
will return once he's done.
Supreme Court of Korea
There's your mommy.
What did they say? Can you get your money back?
Even if the judge orders the landlord to pay,
they can ignore it and get away with it.
That's ridiculous.
Didn't you say the landlord has many homes?
You should get your money even by force.
They already put the homes
under someone else's name,
so compulsory execution isn't an option.
Oh, dear. What's wrong?
It's okay.
I'm sorry, guys.
I wanted you guys to live in a bigger home.
But I'm afraid we'll have to
live in Sillim-dong for now.
I'm broke because I haven't
been working since giving birth.
Sun-young.
I should start working again.
Let's hurry home.
- Let's go.
- Over here.
Kang-ho.
Hurry.
Hey, isn't that Choi Kang-ho?
It is.
He finally made it.
Why would such a wealthy girl...
date someone like him?
He has neither money nor connections.
She's his money and connection.
He'd been following her around
ever since he was at the institute.
You dedicated yourself to
supporting him while he studied,
and what he wanted to do
was meet some well-off girl?
What a jerk.
You'd better hope I don't catch you.
You're dead meat if I do.
Petit Nail
- Mi-joo.
- Yes?
What are you doing?
Gosh, who is it so early in the morning?
Goodness.
Who are they?
Mom, it's Mi-joo. Please take care
of my babies, Ye-jin and Seo-jin.
Mi-joo.
Mi-joo, come on out.
Mi-joo!
Mi-joo, you crazy brat!
Where are you?
Mi-joo!
Goodness.
Oh, dear. What do I do?
- What do I do?
- I should've told him I was pregnant.
Even if he was eventually going to leave us,
Kang-ho still should've known.
I made a mistake...
with Kang-ho,
Ms. Jin,
my kids,
and...
with you, Mom.
What did you say?
So you're saying...
Kang-ho is their father?
Choi Kang-ho from the pig farm?
The Choi Kang-ho we all know?
Oh, dear.
No.
Why do you have to end
up with an idiot like him?
Hang on.
Who knows about this?
Did you tell his mom?
No.
Goodness. Thank God.
That's a relief.
Listen to me carefully.
You can't be with him.
Do you know how exhausting it is
to care for someone who's unwell?
You'll have to sacrifice your entire life.
What will you tell the kids?
Last time,
when Seo-jin said he
wished Kang-ho were his dad,
didn't you see how Ye-jin had a fit about it?
Goodness.
Oh, dear.
I can't believe this.
They say you're unlucky with your kids...
if you're unlucky with your husband.
I can't believe this.
Gosh, my poor babies...
Oh, no...
My poor babies...
Why?
Why do you pity us?
You don't have to.
There's no reason to pity us.
Do you like them?
Okay.
Gosh, you're so handsome.
Kang-ho.
Let's eat and get ready.
We'll be having a guest soon.
You're upsetting me right now.
The Good Bad Mother
I'm my mom's guardian.
Hey, get away from him!
Yes, I'm your mom.
"DNA Test Result." It's a test result.
Sam-sik, why aren't you picking up?
No one can prove it as long
as you keep your mouth shut.
Mom.
- I already know.
- I'm such a bad mom.
Mom, why are you so mean?
I want to spend every minute and
second I have left being happy with you.